README.md, before:

<a href="https://EricSpencer00.github.io" target="_blank">
  <img src="EricSpencerBlue.gif" alt="Visit my Website">
</a>

### Hi there 👋

I'm Eric, a Computer Science major at Loyola University Chicago

- 🤔 Take a look at my repos and see if you find anything interesting
- 🌱 I'm currently Vibe Coding, Researching TLA+, and rewriting my website
- 🏋️‍♂️ I'm rated 1650 on Chess.com and can bench 235

Take a look at my Website: [https://EricSpencer00.github.io](https://EricSpencer00.github.io)

[![LinkedIn Profile](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/ericspencer00)
[![Email me at Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-ericspencer1450@gmail.com-red?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ericspencer1450@gmail.com)
[![Email me at Loyola](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-espencer2@luc.edu-blue?logo=maildotru&logoColor=white)](mailto:espencer2@luc.edu)
[![View my Resume](https://img.shields.io/badge/Resume-PDF-blue?logo=adobeacrobatreader&logoColor=white)](https://ericspencer00.github.io/resume/)

---

[![GitHub Activity Graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=ericspencer00&theme=github-dark-dimmed&custom_title=EricSpencer00%20Activity%20Graph&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/EricSpencer00/Sign-Language-Recognition/commit/276944397a5c4897700b9ad513d849506d2020a8)

[![Latest GitHub Commit](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EricSpencer00/EricSpencer00/main/recent-commit.json&style=for-the-badge&cacheSeconds=0)](https://github.com/EricSpencer00/Sign-Language-Recognition/commit/276944397a5c4897700b9ad513d849506d2020a8)



![visitors](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=github-ericspencer00.ericspencer00.readme)

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect current projects
Updated current activities and added iOS app development.

README.md, after:

<a href="https://EricSpencer00.github.io" target="_blank">
  <img src="EricSpencerBlue.gif" alt="Visit my Website">
</a>

### Hi there 👋

I'm Eric, a Computer Science major at Loyola University Chicago

- 🤔 Take a look at my repos and see if you find anything interesting
- 🌱 I'm currently Vibe Coding, Researching TLA+, and building iOS apps
- 🏋️‍♂️ I'm rated 1650 on Chess.com and can bench 235
- ✍️ Anytime I have downtime from projects I spend adding to my website

Take a look at my Website: [https://EricSpencer00.github.io](https://EricSpencer00.github.io)

[![LinkedIn Profile](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/ericspencer00)
[![Email me at Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-ericspencer1450@gmail.com-red?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:ericspencer1450@gmail.com)
[![Email me at Loyola](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-espencer2@luc.edu-blue?logo=maildotru&logoColor=white)](mailto:espencer2@luc.edu)
[![View my Resume](https://img.shields.io/badge/Resume-PDF-blue?logo=adobeacrobatreader&logoColor=white)](https://ericspencer00.github.io/resume/)

---

[![GitHub Activity Graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=ericspencer00&theme=github-dark-dimmed&custom_title=EricSpencer00%20Activity%20Graph&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/EricSpencer00/Sign-Language-Recognition/commit/276944397a5c4897700b9ad513d849506d2020a8)

[![Latest GitHub Commit](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EricSpencer00/EricSpencer00/main/recent-commit.json&style=for-the-badge&cacheSeconds=0)](https://github.com/EricSpencer00/Sign-Language-Recognition/commit/276944397a5c4897700b9ad513d849506d2020a8)



![visitors](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=github-ericspencer00.ericspencer00.readme)
